Lakita worked for the city of Virginia Beach.
With the city, she was able to get a schedule
that allowed her to focus on her ministry.
I came home on a Friday, but my mother and I
had doctor appointments that day.
And we came home, sat down,
get ready to take us a bite of lunch,
and I got a phone call.
It was a family member, and they were asking me
if I had saw the news.
I immediately tried to call my daughter's phone,
and it went straight to voicemail.
So I said, well, let me try a text to her.
So I tried texting her.
And I didn't get any response.
It was about 10, 10, 30 that night when we just finally
got the confirmation that we had indeed lost her
in that shooting.
So, and I will say that's the worst day of my life.
The next day, starting at 7 o'clock in the morning,
friends started pouring in, and we had people in our home
to support us and encourage us from morning to night.
And it meant so much.
It helped us to focus on something else at that time.
The love that they showed to us, it was just astounding.
It was just so amazing.
And that's what helped us to get through, to get through it all.
It was our family, our spiritual family.
The city of Virginia Beach, they volunteered
to take care of all of the victims' arrangements.
Because of that amount of people, the venue
that they decided upon, it was the opera house in Norfolk.
The brothers, they got everything together.
The city didn't really have to do anything.
It just gave us the venue.
And what really impressed them, the city,
was that the whole memorial, everything,
took place within an hour.
The city officials were there in attendance.
You had the local newspapers who covered it, reporters.
The reporters were persistent and wanted to talk, to talk.
And so actually two of my brothers,
they handled all of that information with the guidance
from those two brothers who came down.
It kept us from having to even worry about that.
So it was very helpful.
I'd continue to get cards.
I get texts from people.
And it just encourages me.
Isaiah 4110 has become my favorite scripture.
I will really hold on to you with my right hand
of righteousness.
Going through this, I could really feel Jehovah's hand.
It's as if he was rubbing my shoulders and saying,
it's going to be all right.
He'll be all right.
I'm going to get you through this.
And he has, each day, he gets me through this.
If it can happen to someone else, it can happen to me.
And in this instance, it did.
But that helps me to keep a perspective.
And I reflect on how Jehovah is going to reverse it.
That's my biggest hope.
It's to see Jehovah reverse the damage that has been done.
He's promised it.
And my faith is in the fulfillment of his promises.
So I look forward to being reunited with my daughter.